This Project is called  "Singularity E-Sports".

Inspired by the continuous and rapid growth of people who are getting more and more interested in the E-Sports Industry, and with a childhood dream of running my own E-Sports Team, I thus came up with my own company.

My main design process came from a story I wrote in the past, back in 2022, a E-Sports Team which consisted of the strongest players across Asia, completely dominating the E-Sports industry. 

-As a fan, I want to be able to view the team information, so that I can understand the team better.
-As an interested applicant, I want to be able to view the team history, so that I can understand the team better before I decide whether or not I apply for the team.
-As a game fan, I want to be able to view the game schedules for upcoming matches, so that I can tune in to support the teams.
-As an event organiser, I wish to be able to reach out to the team for sponsorships/business inquiries, so that I am able to send collaboration/business invites to the team.

https://www.figma.com/design/xSQhYtWGu6eqVwwhrWGefg/ID-Webpage-Impression?node-id=0-1&t=keyhV1HXFvjASDHf-1

CURRENT FEATURES:
1. Carousel in the homepage. -index.html
"Singularity VALORANT on their 4th Championship Run" - leads the user to the "Upcoming Tournaments" Page on click.
"Join Singularity Today!" - leads the user to the "Contact Us" Page on click.

2. The team display is interactible. -teams.html
-Clicking on the team logos leads the user to the respective teams.
etc. When the "VALORANT" team button is clicked, it redirects the user to the "VALORANT" team tab, allowing users to know more about the respective teams.

3. The tournaments tab is interactive - tournaments.html
-The tournaments tab gives users information on the past, current and upcoming tournaments of the different teams.
-Players can switch tabs to view the tournament schedules of the different teams.
etc. Clicking on the "League of Legends" Tab will show the upcoming and past tournaments of the team.

4. The achievements tab is also interactive. - about.html
-Similar to the tournaments.html trait, users can switch tabs to view the achievements of the different teams.
etc. Clicking on the MLBB tab will show the achievements obtained by the Singularity MLBB team.

5. Contact Us form, Socials and Map Location. - contact.html
A form to contact the team is created so that users who have inquiries, business partnerships or team applications can fill up the form here. If users have incorrectly filled up the form, or are missing out on a section, they will be notified.
etc. Error message will be shown if an invalid email is input into the form.

LANGUAGES USED:
-HTML
-CSS
-JAVASCRIPT - To form the animations and special effects in the webpage.

TESTING:
-All redirecting tabs, carousel links function as expected.
-Support form displays error messages correctly.
-Carousel functions normally (clicking, tab-switch intervals, manual tab switch etc.)

Errors:
- (fixed) Carousel was not functioning previously
- (fixed) Support form would not display error message when incorrect or missing information was present
- (fixed) Sidebar would load incorrectly, causing the whole UI to be affected.
- (fixed) When implementing the moving gradient in the background for the webpage, it caused the whole webpage, including the navbar, text boxes, to move.

DISPLAY ON OTHER WEBPAGES:
-A little buggy on mobile when I first tested it, but it should fit into the mobile frame. Functions work quite the same.

CREDITS:
-All player images generated by ChatGPT.
-All Game logos obtained from the official game website itself
(VALORANT, Mobile Legends: Bang Bang, League of Legends, Street Fighter) official websites
-Discord Server Widget belongs to myself

Project Inspiration:
Myself! (the story that I created back in 2022)
FNATIC E-Sports
ONIC E-Sports
T1 E-Sports
Street Fighter Campus Legends Edition.

-END-